Series Title: Pop The Imp

Series Genre: Absurd, action-adventure, buddy-comedy

Series Premise:
Pop The Imp travels outside of hyperreality to go on adventures across the universe and across the world of fiction. He recruits random individuals to adventure alongside him, simply because he's lonely and bored. He is a thrill seeker looking for excitement. While he has complete control over reality he uses his powers sparingly in order to avoid making things too easy or too boring. Whenever he finishes one adventure, he almost always immediately leaps out into the cosmos for the next one.

The Protagonist:
Pop The Imp is a being from hyperreality. While he seems cartoonish to everyone else, he is actually more real than anything else in existence. He is arguably the only real thing period. The universe and all of the stories within it are all fiction to him. Because everything relative to him is fictional from his perspective, he can manipulate reality just as easily as a writer changing details in a story. Pop is extremely bored of hyperreality, because he is the only being that lives there. In order to relieve his boredom he travels outside of hyperreality into our universe and the many stories within it. He is impatient, adventurous, and hyperactive. Due to him being extremely lonely, he always manages to find someone to adventure with. While he could just puppet everyone he meets and easily solve any problem with his powers, he prefers not to do so. He is afraid that if he makes things too easy for himself that he'll stop having fun. Pop The Imp is a purple potbellied imp with a diamond shaped head, who wears neon green shorts. He has absolute control over reality but uses his powers conservatively to avoid making things too easy. The greatest limit to Pop's powers is his creativity. If he doesn't feel inspired to do anything in particular with his powers, then his powers won't do anything at all.

Standard Story Formula:
Pop gets bored in hyperreality and decides to go on an adventure. He flips through his library of books which each represent different worlds including what we'd call "The Real World", but from his perspective all of these worlds are fictional. When he finds an interesting looking book, he uses his powers to hop inside of it. He then takes some time exploring the world in order to find something interesting to do. Once he discovers a call to adventure, he finds someone to pair up with for the journey. Most of the time the person he finds isn't particularly eager to work with him, so Pop uses his powers to create an incentive they can't refuse. The two then work together to complete the mission at hand. Since Pop refuses to use his full power, things get tense as their partner struggles multiple times to overcome the main obstacle of the mission. Pop tries to help, but he has to be inspired for his powers to work. Pop's partner suggests ideas to Pop, but Pop refuses them because they're all too obvious. Pop takes a moment to think of something particularly cool that would complement his partner rather than overshadow them. Pop then uses his powers to synergize with his partner in a unique and imaginative way to overcome the obstacle. With the mission complete Pop rewards their partner, before leaping back out into hyperreality in search of the next big adventure.

Series Writing Style:
The captions for this series don't need to be too short. They need to convey enough information for the reader to clearly understand what is happening in the story. The comic should be easy to understand. Each page should probably have around 5-6 panels minimum.

Issue One Premise:
Pop enters the book called "Spinach Sailor", teams up with Spinach Sailor after accidentally distracting him during a giant-crow abduction, rescues him from the sea, speeds him to the witch's cave, and finally becomes a giant can of hyperreality spinach so Spinach Sailor can rescue his girlfriend.
