A portal opens in an opera house. A brain parasite is unleashed and attaches to an opera singer's head like a helmet. The opera singer under the control of the parasite starts to attack the crowd. Superhero Mandroid uses a rocket punch to punch his way through the back wall of the opera theater. He charges at the opera singer from behind, but she fires a sonic blast from her mouth downward that rockets her up and over Superhero Mandroid.

Superhero Mandroid receives a holo message from the inventor telling him that the demon parasite must be amplifying the opera singer's powerful vocals to supernatural levels. The opera singer does a backflip in mid-air and lands behind Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid turns around to face her. He is then immediately struck by a powerful sonic blast that launches him backwards into the seating area of the theater. He is in a crater where there were once seats, as the possessed opera singer cackles menacingly on stage.

Superhero Mandroid tries to stand up to charge at her again. He is quickly pinned down by another sonic scream blast. He is frustrated that he can't get close enough to knock the demon off of her head. He summons his holo shield as he tries again. The opera singer unleashes another sonic scream blast, but this time Superhero Mandroid's holo shield takes the impact.

The opera singer holds the note, creating a powerful opposing force that Superhero Mandroid struggles to walk forward through. His steps are slow as if he's trudging through mud. Trying to fight back against the force of her voice with his steps, is like trying to walk through hurricane winds. His holo shield is running out of charge, but he's still not close enough to punch the parasite off of her head. Giving up on a close-range strategy, Superhero Mandroid fires his rocket fist at the demon on the opera singer's head.

The rocket boosters on his projectile fist allow it to tear through the oppressive force of the sonic scream blast. The rocket fist punches the parasite off of the opera singer's head. The parasite splatters against the stage. The opera singer is returned to normal. The opera singer is relieved.

Superhero Mandroid is still concerned. He's never encountered demons that could control the minds of others. It is yet another threat for him to look out for on his never ending quest to protect the Earth from interdimensional threats.
