Create a Random Comics one-shot from this premise:

My name is Jet Black.
I've always been a big fan of superheroes and comicbooks.
I'd always wondered what my life would be like if I had superpowers.
I no longer have to wonder.
The Spark was an event like no-other.
People around the world began to evolve and develop fantastic abilities.
Each person seemed to unlock a different power.
But not everyone was affected.
Most people remained the same, and they feared that the newly evolved would replace them.
A civil war broke out between the evolved and the human race, as government drones built with adaptive abilities were dispersed world wide to capture and study the evolved.
At first I assumed The Spark hadn't changed me.
I didn't look different and I didn't feel different.
I hated the fact that the evolved were being hunted, but I felt as if there was nothing I could do about it.
Despite not having any powers in the waking world, I noticed a change in my dreams.
What were once random imaginings had formed into a cohesive lucid narrative.
Every night in my dreams I wielded a cosmic purple light known as Lucid Light, that allowed me to reshape the world around me.
One night while I was asleep, I felt my body lift out of bed.
When I opened my eyes, I was shocked to see that a giant robot had crashed its hands through my ceiling and grabbed me from my apartment building in the dead of night.
I struggled in the robot's grip, but it was too strong for me to pry myself free.
The robot scanned me with its eyes and announced that it successfully acquired the evolved target.
My eyes opened wide with disbelief.
Me?!
I had evolved?!
Before I could even think straight a black stealth jet flew overhead, and a superhuman with metal skin and sharp bear claws was dropped from the bottom of the jet without a parachute.
The superhuman had a black "R" on his chest in a large red circle.
I recognized that logo.
That was the mark of the resistance fighting to save the evolved.
The superhuman cried "Bronze Bear to the rescue!" as he clawed at the robot's face.
With the robot distracted I tried to think of a way to free myself.
I thought back to the power I wielded in my dreams, took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and focused.
In an instant a burst of Lucid Light shrouded my body, releasing a shockwave that blew apart the giant robot's hand.
I started falling rapidly toward the ground.
Bronze Bear leaped from the robot's sliced up face and caught me in mid-air.
He crashed to the ground like a metal meteor, his body taking the impact and protecting me from harm.
Bronze Bear led me into the swamp by my apartment where the resistance had parked their jet.
This moment was the key.
If I went with them, I would be a fugitive constantly on the run.
If I stayed and tried to fight the robot, I could potentially lose and become a government lab rat.
Either way I'd be losing my freedom, but at least with the resistance I could help give others the power to choose.

Attached reference:

- Protagonist reference: Jet Black, a smiling Black man with warm brown skin, long black dreadlocks past the shoulders, full black beard and mustache, black hoodie with white zipper trim over a dark graphic shirt, black pants, white sneakers, and a black crossbody bag worn at the front of the torso.
