Create a Random Comics one-shot from this premise:

My name is Jet Black and I am a lucid dreamer.
I have a lucid dream every single night.
In my dreams, I wield a power called Lucid Light.
It is a purple cosmic energy that allows me to manipulate the world around me.
My dreams take place in the Storyverse.
The Storyverse is a collection of bubble universes containing every possible story.
I've been on a lot of adventures across the Storyverse in the last few months since I mastered lucid dreaming.
But none of them prepared me for this.
It was a Thursday afternoon on the last week of my vacation.
It was getting close to 2 PM, which is when I normally do my daily livestream.
But as I got up off of my black leather couch, my hand phased through the cushion.
Then my body phased through the white carpet floor.
I fell through a black void full of colorful static and glitches.
Then I blacked out.
In the darkness I could feel wet carpet beneath me, and smell the stench of mold.
The sound of loud humming came with a sudden burst of light, as the entire space was suddenly illuminated by fluorescent lights.
As I stood up off the wet ground and looked around, I recognized this place.
This was the Backrooms.
Assuming I was in a dream I tried to use my Lucid Light to create a door to another Storyverse world.
I could picture the Lucid Light in my head, but none would project out from my fingertips.
Still I couldn't accept that this place was real.
I started walking through the halls searching for a Lucid Conduit.
In some of my dreams my lucidity lies in objects or people that radiate with Lucid Light.
That's why I call them Lucid Conduits.
I wander for what seems like forever through the twisting winding halls of the Backrooms.
I am eager to find a way out of this place, as I'm afraid I must have fallen asleep before I could start my daily livestream.
I didn't want to disappoint the fans.
Eventually I stumbled upon a crate.
I'd heard that supplies existed in the Backrooms.
Maybe this crate contained the Lucid Conduit I was looking for.
I ran up to the crate, and to my surprise the crate sprouted legs and started running up to me.
The crate developed a mouth with large jagged teeth and cackled as it ran.
I quickly turned around and the chase began.
No matter how fast I ran or how many corners I turned, the crate seemed to be right behind me.
Without Lucid Light or any of my normal dream items, I wasn't sure of what to do.
I thought back to what I had read about the Backrooms before.
They say that you enter the Backrooms by no-clipping out of reality.
No-clipping in videogames often happens when your character gets stuck in a wall and falls out of bounds.
I must have no clipped when my hand phased through the couch cushions.
With no other options available, I decided to run directly into the corner.
If this didn't work, I knew I would surely die.
I leapt forward with all my might into the corner, and in the next moment I phased up and out of the couch like a rocket.
I was wet, sweaty, and smelled like mold.
I checked the digital clock on the stove and the green numbers showed that not a moment had passed since I last checked the time.
But the livestream would have to wait.
I needed a shower.

Attached references:
- Setting reference: a liminal Backrooms hallway with yellow patterned wallpaper, beige wet-looking carpet, fluorescent ceiling lights, open corners, and empty repeating architecture.
- Protagonist reference: Jet Black, a smiling Black man with long black dreadlocks, a full beard, black hoodie over a dark graphic shirt, black pants, white sneakers, and a black crossbody bag.
