Starborn Sisters Series Idea

Series Creators:
Ashley Barry (Series Concept Creator)
Nicholas Alexander Benson (Lead Writer / AI Artist)

Series Title:
Starborn Sisters

Series Premise:
Superpowered alien girls from different planets at an intergalactic college for aspiring superheroes must band together to learn more about the cosmos and their own abilities as they team up to fight the forces of evil.

Setting:
Starborn Academy is an all-girls school for women across the universe who possess superpowers. The school is a massive space station located in a nexus of wormholes in the center of the universe. This makes it fairly easy for women from across the cosmos to travel to and from the academy. The academy is split up into dorms, cafeterias, classrooms, and holographic simulation chambers. The school's goal is to help train the next generation of female superheroes to help protect the universe. It was founded by Queen Amazoness of Earth after the Amazons made contact with alien life and formed the Universal Alliance Of Good.

Major Conflict Source:
The Galactic Empire is an imperialist force of alien warriors composed of some of the mightiest monsters from across the universe. They believe that only the strongest should rule. They take over planets by force using their incredible might. They see Starborn Academy as both an annoyance and a potential source of future recruits. They want to see the women at the academy become stronger, but they don't want the academy's women getting in the way of their conquests. They are less motivated to eliminate the academy students, and are more interested in recruiting them to join their cause by any means necessary. If a student is unwilling to join their ranks they are not above attempting to beat them into submission. Starborn Academy is on constant alert for attacks from the empire, and upper classmen are regularly dispatched on missions to try and prevent more worlds from being claimed by the empire.

Series Genre:
Science-fiction, superhero, action-adventure, anthology.

Issue One:
This issue takes place before the founding of Starborn Academy and establishes Queen Amazoness's first interaction with aliens.

The Galactic Empire is on the verge of successfully claiming another world. But before they can succeed, the leader of the planet takes off in an escape pod headed straight towards the Earth. A mighty warrior of the Galactic Empire chases after the pod. The pod scans the planet for potential powerful allies and detects a large concentration of them in one location. The alien leader panics because it seems as if the pod is just going to crash into the middle of the ocean.

The pod flies through a magical barrier of invisibility protecting the island of the Amazons and crashes on the shore. The Amazons surround the pod with their magical weapons at the ready. The world leader exits the pod, the Amazons are amazed by their beauty. The world leader is a beautiful and gentle alien princess, but she is clearly frightened. The Amazons assure the princess that they mean her no harm and that all women are welcome on their island.

The princess informs the Amazons that they aren't what she's afraid of. The Amazons look up and see the villainous alien warrior flying above the ocean in search of the princess. The warrior can't see through the barrier of invisibility, so he has no idea where the princess went. Amazoness, Queen of the Amazons, approaches the princess and asks her why she's afraid of the warrior. The princess explains that the warrior is a member of the Galactic Empire who takes over planets by force using their incredible power.

Amazoness asks the princess if she possesses any powers of her own. The princess nods. Her eyes glow as she uses her abilities to grow flowers along the shoreline. The princess laments that her power to control plants isn't fit for fighting. Amazoness disagrees.

Amazoness says that there are more plants than pretty flowers. There are thorny plants, poisonous plants, and even carnivorous plants. The princess is shocked, stating that on her world she's never encountered such plants. Amazoness states that despite the fact the Amazons hide away on a single island, they make sure to study the world beyond their borders so that they can better themselves. The princess is amazed by this concept and says that more worlds could benefit from studying one another.

The mighty warrior's search finally leads him through the invisible barrier. The Amazons immediately ready themselves for battle, but Amazoness tells them to stand down. Amazoness encourages the frightened princess to use what she's learned to defeat the warrior. The warrior darts forward at incredible speeds but the princess summons a large flower between them. When the warrior collides with the flower's bulb it releases a poisonous gas.

The Amazons stand back and cover their mouths. The warrior emerges from the gas unharmed, revealing that their species is adapted for space travel and does not require air to breathe. The warrior knocks back the princess with a shockwave clap. The princess cushions her fall by summoning a vine to catch herself. The Amazons watch with worried expressions, but Amazoness remains confident that the princess can handle this alone.

The issue ends on this cliffhanger.
