Create the latest issue of Superhero Mandroid from this premise:

In the world of Ainrete where advanced science and ancient magic coexist, there lived Calgoretos. He was a proud blacksmith who helped to craft some of the land's finest armors for the king's soldiers. Skullcerer, an undead skeletal necromancer, desired the divine power hidden within Ainrete castle. His skeleton army failed to claim the power time and time again, thanks to the power bestowed by Calgoretos's armors to the forces of Ainrete. Skullcerer, realizing Calgoretos's importance, sends his skeletal soldiers to kidnap and enslave Calgoretos to force him to build even better armor for his forces.

With upgraded armor, Skullcerer finally took over Ainrete and Calgoretos's reputation was shifted in the eyes of the people from the "Armorer of Ainrete" to the "Armorer of Evil". Using his godlike power, Skullcerer spread death and destruction across the land. All those who fell to his mystical might were reborn as Skullcerer's undead servants. Calgoretos and the rebellion fled underground to escape Skullcerer's wrath. In order to regain the trust of the people and save the world, Calgoretos teams up with the Sorceress of Good to find a way to defeat Skullcerer.

The Sorceress of Good sends Calgoretos through a portal to find help on another world. When Calgoretos arrives on Earth, he comes face to face with Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid declares himself the protector of the Earth and tells Calgoretos that he won't let him invade. Calgoretos explains that he's come looking for help instead of a fight, and he explains the situation to Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid understands the weight of Calgoretos' words, realizing that if Skullcerer were to come to Earth that it would put his world in danger as well.

Superhero Mandroid and Calgoretos return to Ainrete and travel alongside the rebellion soldiers and the Sorceress of Good to face off against Skullcerer's undead minions and take back the divine power. With Calgoretos on the side of the rebels he's upgraded all of their armors, allowing them to overcome the undead minions. But no armor can overcome the divine might of Skullcerer's magic. Not even Superhero Mandroid's shields can block the godlike power of Castle Ainrete that is channeled through the Skullcerer's mystic staff. The Sorceress of Good identifies that the staff is the key, but none of the rebels are able to get close enough to snatch it.

Superhero Mandroid launches his rocket fist as a projectile, not to hit Skullcerer or to destroy the staff, but to grab the staff from Skullcerer's grasp. The rocket fist reconnects to Superhero Mandroid's arm now holding the staff. The Sorceress of Good and Superhero Mandroid both channel magical power into Calgoretos. With the mystic might of good from the Sorceress of Good, the divine power of Ainrete, and his own armor, Calgoretos overpowers and defeats the weakened Skullcerer. All of Skullcerer's evil spells are reversed as the land returns to normal.

Calgoretos is celebrated as the new hero of Ainrete and defender of the land's godlike power alongside the Sorceress of Good. Superhero Mandroid is beloved by all for his help, and he is invited to stay as a fellow champion of good. While the offer is tempting, Superhero Mandroid can't leave Doctor Dawes and the rest of his world behind. The Sorceress of Good gives Superhero Mandroid a mystical Eagle gem that he can use to contact and open portals to Ainrete. Our heroes part ways knowing that they will one day cross paths again.

Attached reference image of Calgoretos: a strong Black adult male blacksmith-warrior with long black dreadlocks, full black beard, intense eyes, muscular build, battered dark green and bronze fantasy armor, skull emblems on breastplate and belt, huge segmented metal gauntlets, and a long curved forearm blade. Use the image as visual inspiration for Calgoretos while keeping the issue in realistic candid photo-comic style.
