Create Issue 2 of "Probably Dreaming" from this premise:

I am thinking five to six panels per story page would work well for this comic.

This wording for this comic needs to be very clear so that it is easy for readers to follow along. If the captions are too short or too cryptic, then they will likely confuse readers. We want this story to be easy for readers to understand.

Story Page 1:
Dracula as a fog cloud enters Jet's apartment before dawn through the air vent while Jet is sleeping. Dracula is hungry after a long night of exploring the skies of Huntsville, and Jet's blood is at the top of his menu. Dracula approaches Jet to feast on him, but Jet's dreadlocks are blocking his neck. Dracula tries to move Jet's dreadlocks out of the way, which wakes Jet up. Dracula looms over Jet as he proclaims that it is time to feast.

Story Page 2:
Dracula expects to see a terrified expression on Jet's face, but instead Jet looks ecstatic. Jet springs up out of bed and punches Dracula in the face. Dracula is shocked by how strong Jet's punch was and starts to question if Jet is even human. Jet explains that in this world of dreams that he's a Lucid Lord. Dracula is confused and intrigued.

Story Page 3:
Jet tries to give a demonstration of his Lucid Lord power as he visualizes summoning a sword made of Lucid Light. Despite his best efforts no sword materializes. Dracula in his confusion asks if the sword is invisible or something. Jet explains that sometimes he has to find a Lucid Conduit in his dreams before he can use his Lucid Light. Dracula laughs in triumph, claiming that without Lucid Light Jet doesn't have a chance against him.

Story Page 4:
Dracula states that with Jet's strength that he might make for a good soldier rather than a meal. Dracula tries to use his hypnotic vision to take control of Jet's mind. But Jet charges at Dracula and pokes him in the eyes. Jet explains that he's well experienced with hypnosis, as he was hypnotized in the past for a Past Life Regression Session, so he understands how to resist it. Dracula in pain asks if Jet's past life was a Van Helsing.

Story Page 5:
Jet says that his past life was an interdimensional alien. Dracula is even more confused than he was before. Dracula says he doesn't know what to believe, but he refuses to leave until he's feasted on Jet's blood. Dracula transforms into a wolf. In his wolf form he pounces on Jet.

Story Page 6:
Jet is pinned under Dracula's wolf form. The paws of Dracula's wolf form start to burn. Dracula turns back to normal and backs away from Jet in horror. Dracula realizes that Jet has so much faith that he's dreaming that it actually is weakening Dracula the same way religious faith does. While Dracula is stunned with fear, Jet leaps forward and knocks him out with an uppercut.

Story Page 7:
With Dracula knocked out, Jet looks around for a Lucid Conduit. Thinking a Lucid Conduit might be outside, he opens up his blinds to look out the window. The morning light of dawn pours through the window. Jet doesn't notice Dracula's body get turned to dust by the sunlight. When Jet turns around and doesn't see Dracula on the floor anymore, he shrugs his shoulders and assumes that he must have been dreaming.
