Mandroid Men Origins

Radioactive waste that Hydrohero Womandroid blasted out of Atlantis splashed onto beachgoers and coastal wildlife. The sands themselves became irradiated. Mutants, monsters, and even sand elementals suddenly became more common in areas that neighbored the sea. The world's heroes were unprepared for such a sudden rise in mutant mayhem. The world had already been plagued by a seemingly endless stream of interdimensional incursions.

While the heroes could handle threats from other realities, they could not also handle the rise of radioactive ruffians. Mass evacuations and large-scale quarantines left coastal cities vacant of all non-mutant life. Families were divided. Women, children, pets, homes, and entire lives were abandoned in what became known as "The Green Zones." The world's greatest hero, Superhero Mandroid, a rocket-fisted, shield-summoning android superhero, was left with a problem he could not simply punch. The people of the Green Zones did not need someone to fight a monster. They needed someone to find a cure.

Superhero Mandroid's creator, Dr. Elias Dawes, was a brilliant scientist. His first instinct was to look at the cutting edge of genetic engineering technology. While embryo-level genetic base editing had recently been achieved, modern science still lacked the precision to properly cure mutations in beings that had grown beyond the embryonic stage. Where science failed, magic could potentially succeed. Aurelia, Daughter of Satan and Lilith, had turned her back on her apocalyptic inheritance after learning from Superhero Mandroid that anyone could become a hero.

Since their meeting she had traveled between worlds, resisted the expectations of her infernal family, and studied the mystic secrets of Earth. She could feel Gaia crying out through the Green Zones. Her green mystical flames were powerful, but they were meant for prophecy, judgment, and protection, not for cleansing radioactive poison from living sand. She had never encountered anything like this before, but she believed she knew someone who had. She descended toward Hell, where she confronted Blightlord, the Pollution Demon.

The Green Zones had greatly empowered Blightlord, raising his rank in Hell until he could rival even Satan's old court. Aurelia's newfound Earth magic was weakened by the poisoned shorelines and was no match for the Pollution Demon. She was battered and bruised, but she refused to give up. Because of Blightlord's mystical connection to the Green Zones, if he could be defeated, then the Green Zones could finally be cleansed. Just when it seemed as if all hope was lost, Aurelia opened portals and summoned Earth's greatest heroes.

Superhero Mandroid defended his fellow heroes with cyan-green holo shields, while Detective Webwidow restrained the demon with silvery web blasts. Roman, King of Atlantis, battered Blightlord with Atlantean strength as Master Liang Chen struck beside him with chi-empowered punches, while GAL-XZ used her Norio energy blasts to blind the demon. God Queen Hydrohero turned her ocean jets into holy water, and Paul Teethings, Possessed Exorcist, prayed beside her as Protector Paul to weaken the demon further. Together they gave Aurelia just enough of an edge to seal away Blightlord's power. With the Pollution Demon defeated, the Green Zones began to return to normal. While many mutants and monsters still remained, the heroes who defeated Blightlord decided to combine their powers as a new superhero team to help keep the peace. Led by their greatest member, their team became known as the Mandroid Men!
