Create issue #4 of the series "The Three Hands":
Kaine is pondering who in his kingdom to appoint as his Three Hands.
The Three Hands is the name he's come up with for the group of knights that he wants to organize to help protect the Lucid Light within him from Dark Light's Anamorphis forces.
But his city is populated with many different superhumans with various different abilities.
There are so many options that making a choice initially seems almost impossible.
In order to pick the best three for the job, he comes up with qualifying criteria.
The first major criteria to help narrow down his choices is that they must already be one of his knights.
To pick anyone who isn't already a knight, would be to remove someone from a role they already excel at.
The second major criteria to help narrow down his choices is that they must possess a power that can affect beings made of light.
The Anamorphis aren't physical beings in the traditional sense, so they are largely unaffected by powers that don't have any affect on light.
Tons of candidates with incredible powers that could rival some of the most powerful beings imaginable, would be completely utterly outmatched by even some of the weakest of Dark Light's soldiers.
The final criteria for selection is the most important.
Which of them trust him the most after what he did to them?
He was controlling everyone on the island before.
Now everyone has a choice.
Not everyone who was a soldier wants to remain one.
Many are actively changing their roles.
While all appreciate their freedom, not all of Kaine's past sins have been forgiven.
Blake Hollister prides himself on his hand-to-hand combat abilities.
Being a soldier is a core part of his identity and self-worth.
His ability to create and control black holes makes him well suited for fighting beings made of light.
Buster Green has a temper and has found no better outlet beyond combat to truly manage it, though he has been struggling to try meditation as a supplement.
Being a soldier is what keeps him from losing his cool.
Buster's ability to summon and manipulate his own form of green light allows him to attack with the same substance that makes up the Anamorphis.
Amani is incredibly lazy, but his efficiency in battle allows him to end them fast and slack off.
There is no other job that would allow him as much downtime with his skillset.
Especially since his power allows him to turn his gauntlets into melee weapons, including weapons crafted from hardlight which can hurt the Anamorphis.
These three are each promoted from soldier to hand of the king.
Blake the Black Hand.
Buster the Green Hand.
Amani the Red Hand.
Together they will fight to protect the king and his kingdom from the Anamorphis invaders.
This issue acts as our introduction to the Three Hands.
It teaches us about each one.
We learn their names, their capabilities, and why they were chosen over the other soldiers.
We also get to learn more about the strategic mind of Kaine and get insight on the selection process.
The main conflict of this issue is Kaine's struggle to find the best candidates for the Three Hands.
The action in this issue comes from seeing different characters display their powers and how they would do in a battle against an Anamorphis.
I think a lot of the issue could take place in a simulation room, so that we could see different candidates using their powers against hardlight simulations of Anamorphis enemies.
It should be emphasized that the hardlight simulations are obviously not as strong as an actual Anamorphis, and that the simulators are largely limited to just being used for candidate testing and combat training.
