Create issue #3 of the series "The Three Hands":
Dark Light has sent Anamorphis soldiers across the Storyverse to hunt down Lucid Lord.
Dark Light is very methodical and only sends one soldier per world.
If that soldier fails, then he analyzes the failure and sends another with the skills to succeed.
Each Anamorphis possesses the same set of powers: Force projection (which allows them to do things like fly), glow control, shape-shifting, and super speed.
But each Anamorphis soldier possesses a unique special technique that sets them apart, that involves using their powers in an unique way.
There are also Anamorphis like Dark Light and Lucid Lord that radiate with unique forms of light, which gives them different abilities.
Many of Dark Light's soldiers find themselves in random story worlds searching for a being that isn't there.
But some of them find themselves on worlds that are shaped by Lucid Dreamers, foreign beings that enter the Storyverse when they dream and can wield Lucid Light.
Believing that these Lucid Dreamers would be perfect batteries for Dark Light to consume, his soldiers battled against them.
Some Lucid Dreamers were more docile than others, and were no match for battle tested Anamorphis might.
Other Lucid Dreamers thrived on dream combat, and presented a great challenge to the Anamorphis soliders.
In the end it didn't matter, because even the Lucid Dreamers they captured were of no use to Dark Light.
When Dark Light tried to siphon their power, the painful experience would cause the Lucid Dreamers to wake up.
When a Lucid Dreamer wakes up they vanish from the Storyverse, leaving Dark Light without even a morsel of energy to consume.
Dark Light's top researchers presented him with the answers he needed.
Lucid Dreamers were never going to satiate him.
Dark Light needed Lucid Conduits.
Beings and objects like Lucid Lord who were native to the Storyverse and naturally radiated with Lucid Light.
Lucid Conduits are significantly more rare than Lucid Dreamers, so Dark Light refuses to give up on any his soldiers discover.
Lucid Lord knows that better than anyone, as he is constantly on the run from story to story to escape Dark Light's forces.
When Dark Light discovers Kaine's world, he will not rest until he's claimed Kaine's Conduit power as his own.
This issue is a big worldbuilding issue designed to explain Dark Light's methodology for deploying soldiers, the powers of Anamorphis beings and what sets some apart from others, how different sources of Lucid Light work, what exactly Kaine is (a Lucid Conduit), and why Dark Light is so obsessed with Lucid Conduits specifically.
The main action sequences of this particular issue are the battles between Anamorphis soldiers and Lucid Dreamers on different story worlds.
