Issue 5 continues with the A-plot/B-plot structure of the previous issue. The A-plot is that Queen Amazoness and Veyla have made it to the Universal Nexus, but Queen Amazoness is struggling to understand the purpose of this location. The B-plot is that Lysandra is starting to understand Princess Amazoness's perspective, and that understanding carries a weight that she is struggling to carry.

Queen Amazoness and Veyla in their space pod exit the wormhole and find themselves in the Universal Nexus. The Universal Nexus exists in the center of the universe. It is surrounded by wormhole tunnels, making it the most accessible location in the universe. It is also filled with materials from all across the universe, both organic and inorganic. Queen Amazoness is stunned, having never witnessed anything like this before.

Lysandra is stunned as she stares down Princess Amazoness on the shore of Amazon Island. Lysandra is confused and upset that Princess Amazoness would call her own home a prison. Princess Amazoness stands her ground and states that until they open their borders to the world, that Amazon Island will always be a prison. Lysandra drops her sword and falls to her knees. Lysandra wonders aloud if Queen Amazoness left to save the universe, or if she left to escape the shackles of the crown.

Back in the Universe Nexus, Veyla lands the space pod on a floating landmass covered in plant life. Queen Amazoness asks if it is safe to exit the pod. Veyla confirms that the presence of plant life indicates that the landmass must be habitable. The two women exit the space pod and look out into the beauty of the Universe Nexus. Veyla explains that this location is the perfect spot for the academy.

Back on the shore of Amazon Island, Princess Amazoness answers Lysandra by saying that both things can be true at the same time. Lysandra questions whether or not Queen Amazoness refused to give her the crown, because she saw the crown as a punishment. Princess Amazoness rolls her eyes in annoyance. Princess Amazoness helps Lysandra to her feet. Princess Amazoness calmly states that if Lysandra were to rule that the island would remain just as confined as it had always been.

Back in the Universe Nexus, Queen Amazoness asks what Veyla means by an academy. Veyla explains that if they are going to teach the women of the universe how to use their powers, that they will need a place to teach them. Queen Amazoness questions why here instead of in some intergalactic capital city. Veyla explains that politics across the universe are not that simple and that the only true alliance of worlds are the ones under the Galactic Empire's control. Veyla explains that the Universe Nexus is not a planet with a ruler to overthrow, so it isn't one of the Galactic Empire's points of interest.

Back on the shore of Amazon Island, Lysandra questions who should carry the weight of the crown if it is such a burden. Princess Amazoness states that while she doesn't want the crown, that it is her birthright, and that she knows what she must do. Princess Amazoness asks Lysandra if she can trust her to be her advisor. Lysandra is shocked, questioning why Princess Amazoness would trust someone who just tried to kill her. Princess Amazoness walks calmly ahead and states that if Lysandra were truly untrustworthy, that Queen Amazoness would have killed her long ago.

Back in the Universe Nexus, Queen Amazoness questions where the students are going to come from. Princess Veyla explains that ships from across the universe pass through the Universe Nexus all the time as the fastest way to travel from one end of the cosmos to the next. Queen Amazoness questions whether or not students would be comfortable living and training on a floating island without shelter. Princess Veyla tells Queen Amazoness to watch carefully as she builds the future. Princess Veyla uses her powers as vines from the landmass start to pull technology and other landmasses together as the initial foundation for the academy space station.
