Create the next issue of Superhero Action Comics based on this story idea:

Atlas travels to New York City for a charity event. There he hands the mayor a check for a million dollars to help with repairs after a recent alien invasion. The event is disrupted by an android who suddenly attacks Atlas. Atlas is caught off guard, as normally his superhuman durability makes him impervious to damage, but the android's attacks are actually hurting him. The android opens its chest and reveals that it contains Sky Iron, Atlas's greatest weakness.

Atlas collapses to the ground and the android carries him away as he leaps across the city. Resident New York City superhero Big Apple swears to the people of New York that he will rescue Atlas. Big Apple connects his cowl's HUD to his private satellite network, known as The Orchard, to scan the city for clues. He narrows the frequency bands to focus on Sky Iron readings, allowing him to pinpoint the exact location where Atlas was taken. Big Apple calls for his super mobile, the Apple Cart, to pick him up.

The Apple Cart's AI systems quickly drive to his location. Big Apple hops into the car without it stopping as it speeds off to Atlas's location. Inside the android's warehouse HQ he has Atlas strapped down to an operating table. Atlas struggles to break free from the straps, but he cannot. Atlas asks what the android wants with him.

The android says that his digital mind is immortal but that his metal body will slowly rust away. In an effort to truly live forever, the android has developed a special helmet designed to transfer his digital brain into Atlas's body. The android grabs the helmet from his workbench just as his HQ's security alarms go off. A monitor slides down from the ceiling showing security camera footage of the Apple Cart rapidly approaching the building. The android growls that he needs to hurry if he wants to complete the transfer before Big Apple arrives.

The android tells his computer to activate the defensive turrets. The android then races over to Atlas and puts the helmet on his head. Turrets pop out of the top of the HQ building and begin firing missiles at the Apple Cart. Big Apple disengages autopilot and goes into manual driving mode to take evasive maneuvers. He swerves the Apple Cart left and right to avoid missile fire, but the downpour is unrelenting.

Big Apple engages the Apple Cart's weapon systems. The Apple Cart fires its apple sauce cannon at the missile launcher on top of the android's HQ. The missile launcher is clogged with apple sauce and is unable to fire. Big Apple ejects from the Apple Cart, sending him high into the air above the HQ. Big Apple uses his leafy green cape to glide down through the skylight to take the android by surprise.

The android says that Big Apple is too late, as the transfer process has already begun. Big Apple races over to try and remove the helmet from Atlas's head, but the android blocks his path with his large imposing metal frame. Big Apple notices the rust on the android's body. Big Apple pulls an apple from his utility belt and hurls it at the emergency sprinkler system pipe above. The pipe bursts, short circuiting the helmet, rusting the android, and ultimately saving the day.
