Emperor Rex

A cybernetic T-Rex warlock erupts from a purple portal alongside an army of demonic shadow ninjas. Hacking into the world broadcast system, he makes an announcement to the entire planet. His name is Emperor Rex, and he hates humanity. He believes animals should rule over all worlds and that mankind needs to be put in its place. He demands that the world's governments surrender to him or face the wrath of his demon army.

Superhero Mandroid is the first to arrive on the scene. Rex is disgusted by Superhero Mandroid's human appearance until his cybernetic scanners reveal that Mandroid is entirely mechanical. Rex questions why Superhero Mandroid wears artificial skin and hair to appear as the oppressive human race. Superhero Mandroid states that his appearance as a superhero is what makes people smile, and making people smile is what he lives for. Rex says that what would make him smile is the enslavement of mankind.

Superhero Mandroid questions why Rex believes animals should rule over humanity. Rex states that mankind evolved from animals and falsely labels itself superior. Animals ruled Earth for millions of years before humans evolved, and humans were never meant to rule the planet. Superhero Mandroid asks Rex why animals have the right to rule the planet if microscopic life predates all animal life. Rex is annoyed by Superhero Mandroid turning his own logic against him.

Rex asks Superhero Mandroid if he has come to surrender or die. Superhero Mandroid says he was hoping to defuse the situation with diplomacy. Rex laughs and uses his cybernetic eye to hack into Superhero Mandroid, forcing him into sleep mode.

GAL-XZ and Hydrohero Womandroid witness the shutdown while watching the news in Dr. Elias Dawes's lab. They realize Rex's cybernetics can easily take down any android hero. If the Mandroid Men have any hope of beating Emperor Rex, then they must rely on their non-mechanical members.

Roman punches through demonic shadow ninjas with Atlantean strength while Master Liang Chen fires chi blasts to provide cover. The two brawlers are quickly overwhelmed by the number of shadow ninjas. Protector Paul comes to their aid by casting prayers that create a protective holy barrier, but the range is only large enough to protect the three of them. Together they try to take on Emperor Rex. Rex tries to hit them with a tail whip, but Detective Webwidow fires a web blast from a nearby rooftop to pin Rex's tail to the ground.

The combined might of Roman and Master Liang Chen can match Rex in raw strength, but Rex's cybernetic laser eye knocks Roman out of the fight. Master Liang Chen focuses his chi into a barrier as he struggles to hold off Rex's cybernetic eye blast. Protector Paul starts to tire, and his protective holy barrier begins to fade. The shadow ninjas close in.

Just as all hope seems lost, the shadow ninjas are forced to bow as Aurelia flies overhead. The demonic shadow ninjas recognize her as Satan's daughter. When she commands them to tackle Emperor Rex, they obey. Overrun by his own minions, Emperor Rex is knocked back through the portal. Aurelia commands the shadow ninjas to follow him and ensure that Emperor Rex never returns to this Earth.

Webwidow asks Aurelia what took her so long to show up, and Aurelia explains that as the main magic hero of the planet, she is often preoccupied. As Superhero Mandroid finally reboots, Aurelia warns the heroes that they will not always be able to depend on her arriving in time to save the day, and that magic does not heal all wounds. On Emperor Rex's world, Rex is restrained to his throne by shadow chains as he swears to one day get his revenge.
