This issue should be clearly marked as one that takes place in a possible future of Superhero Mandroid. This issue is focused on exploring what the world could be like after the death of Superhero Mandroid in a future where aliens and humans live together in harmony, while still under the threat of interdimensional portal invasions. The issue also presents a possible explanation for where portals come from in the first place, and it establishes a new team of heroes who could be important in future stories.

Superhero Mandroid will not last forever. Eventually in the distant future his artificial skin will wrinkle, his artificial hair will gray, his suit will be torn to shreds, and his green metal rocket fists will rust over. After the passing of Doctor Dawes, he lacks the ability to maintain himself. Eventually the rust will lock his joints and eat away at his circuits, leaving him forever frozen like a statue. The people of the future, humans and aliens alike, celebrate his heroic sacrifice by building a museum around his frozen form.

The museum is lined with exhibits of all his greatest adventures. It becomes a beacon of hope in an otherwise dark future. Superhero Mandroid was the world's greatest hero. Without him to fight the portal invaders, the planet quickly entered a dark age. Overrun by giant robots, grotesque monsters, and kaiju the planet needed more than what any single champion could ever offer it.

When the museum itself was under threat by a giant monster attack, a group of young aliens from a variety of different worlds stood together to defend it. Inspired by Superhero Mandroid's bravery and empowered by their own alien biologies, they realized that with a kind heart and a clever mind that anyone could become a hero. Tales of their exploits draw in more and more young heroes from across the stars, until eventually they grow into an army of super champions. Organized under the leadership of the original alien super teens who first defended the museum, each member is equipped with a red and yellow super suit to honor the ancient hero that inspired them: Superhero Mandroid. Naming themselves after their inspiration they became the Super Champions of Mandroid, placing their official headquarters underneath the Superhero Mandroid Museum.

Together their large forces and variety of unique abilities helped to kickstart a new heroic age. In an effort to thank their inspiration, a few members of the Super Champions decide to build a time machine in order to go back in time and meet him in person. When they flip the switch and it seemingly doesn't work, they decide that it would be too dangerous to tamper with time. They leave the machine in the dusty forgotten corners of a storage room in their headquarters. Little did they know that the machine was malfunctioning, opening portals to other dimensions across all of time and space.

Portals that long ago motivated Doctor Dawes to create Version One of Superhero Mandroid. The actions of the Super Champions of Mandroid in the far flung future were the catalyst for the creation of Superhero Mandroid in their distant past.
