Create the next issue of Superhero Mandroid, based on the following idea:
A teenage fan-boy dressed in a home-made Superhero Mandroid costume, questions why Superhero Mandroid won't let him be his sidekick. Superhero Mandroid tells him that it is unsafe for someone without powers to battle demons. The fan boy lashes out at Superhero Mandroid and promises that one day he'll get powers and be an even better hero than Superhero Mandroid ever was. The fan boy angrily walks through an alley, grumbling to himself, as he kicks a can. A portal opens up and the can the fan boy kicked flies into it.

A demon emerges from the portal. The fan boy is frightened. As the demon approaches him, the fan boy puts on a tough act and tries to intimidate the demon by pretending to be the world's greatest hero. The demon reveals that he has read the boy's heart and that he knows exactly what he wants. The demon offers the boy his can back and says that if the boy accepts the can that he'll receive the powers he desires. The boy is excited but skeptical, asking the demon what the catch is.

The demon explains that if the boy accepts the power, that they must use it to eliminate Superhero Mandroid. The fan boy hesitates as he states that Superhero Mandroid is his hero. The demon plays at the boy's ego and reminds him that the fan boy claimed that he was the world's greatest hero. The demon asks if the boy wants to prove himself, and states that there is no better way to do so than to take down the hero that came before him. The boy is nervous and prideful.

The boy starts to reach for the can. But he pulls his hand back at the last second. The boy exclaims that he's not stupid and that he knows that the demon just wants him to eliminate Superhero Mandroid so that demons can rule the Earth. The demon cackles and asks how demons could possibly rule the Earth if it is protected by such a mighty hero such as him. The boy tells the demon to quit mocking him and punches the demon in the face. Both the demon and the boy are shocked.

The boy states that the demon must be one of those crossroad deal demons like in the movies. The boy states that the demon has no real power and has to resort to tricking suckers into signing soul contracts. The demon backs away as the boy approaches with his fists raised. The boy hits the demon with a barrage of punches, while yelling out the names of Superhero Mandroid's signature moves. He yells rocket punch as he uppercuts the demon.

He yells holo shield bash as he elbows the demon in the face. The demon staggers backwards and falls back into the portal. The portal closes, but the can is left behind. The can radiates with a sparkling purple energy. The boy wonders if the can really can grant him powers.

He considers picking it up, but ultimately he crushes it with his foot. He knows now after defeating that demon that he doesn't need powers. He walks into the nearest gym. He is now dedicated to becoming the best human he can be, so that one day he can be the world's greatest hero.
