Create the next issue of Superhero Mandroid based on the following idea:

Superhero Mandroid is drawn to the location of a powerful spike of supernatural energy. Believing that it might be the opening of another portal, he flies off with his rocket fists to investigate. When he arrives he sees a martial artist meditating in the park. The martial artist is radiating with a powerful mystical energy. The martial artist looks human, but Superhero Mandroid has seen demons take on all sorts of disguises.

The martial artist opens his eyes and stands up. He bows to Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid raises an eyebrow. The martial artist explains that he knew his energy would attract Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid asks the martial artist if he needs help.

The martial artist says yes as he leaps forward to strike Superhero Mandroid. The punch launches Superhero Mandroid backwards, putting a dent in his chest. The martial artist smirks and says that he has grown bored, as no other fighter on Earth can truly challenge him anymore. He declares that in order to test his might and truly challenge himself, that he must defeat Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid refuses to fight senselessly and uses his rocket fists to fly into the air away from the martial artist. The martial artist uses his chi to leap high into the air and kick Superhero Mandroid out of the sky. Superhero Mandroid crashes back down into the park. The martial artist uses his chi to cushion his own landing. Annoyed, Superhero Mandroid fires his rocket fists, set to taser mode, at the martial artist.

The martial artist uses taichi to push the rocket fist projectiles away from him with graceful motions. The rocket fists are redirected back toward Superhero Mandroid. Superhero Mandroid activates his holo shield to block the rocket fists. When the smoke clears, Superhero Mandroid sees the martial artist charging right for him with a chi powered punch. Instead of using the flames of his rocket fist to fly or punch, he uses them to propel himself to the side to side step the martial artist's chi fist strike.

The chi projects from the martial artist's fist as a blast, but because he missed the blast launches toward the largest tree in the park. The chi blast shatters the tree to bits. Superhero Mandroid uses his holo shield to block the wooden shrapnel. The martial arts master tries to use his speed and agility to catch the individual splinters in mid-air before they could hit him. He catches a lot of them, but not enough to keep himself from taking damage.

The martial artist passes out from his injuries. Superhero Mandroid carries the martial artist and flies off with his rocket fists to take him to the hospital. He leaves him in the care of the doctors. Superhero Mandroid is left feeling confused and amazed by how strong humans can become, and how far humans are willing to go to prove their strength.
