Issue four transitions back and forth between an A-plot and a B-plot. The A-plot follows Queen Amazoness and Princess Veyla as they travel through space and deal with an asteroid belt that blocks their path to the wormhole route. The B-plot follows Princess Amazoness (Queen Amazoness's daughter) as she arrives on Amazon Island and is immediately attacked by High Advisor Lysandra.

Princess Amazoness's boat coasts through the barrier of invisibility as Queen Amazoness and the alien princess (Veyla) take off into the sky in the repaired escape pod. The repaired escape pod is larger to accommodate two people and is constructed using mystical metals native to the Amazon Island. The alien princess works the controls, while Queen Amazoness looks out the pod window down at her daughter. Queen Amazoness smiles because her daughter has finally returned home. Her smile falters as she understands that they both will have a lot to adjust to.

Princess Amazoness is not greeted by a welcoming party. She is instead greeted by the furious sword of High Advisor Lysandra. Lysandra leaps into Princess Amazoness's boat before it can even touch the shore. The two clash blades. The boat rocks violently as a powerful shockwave reverberates outward from the clash.

The space pod is zooming through space. Queen Amazoness panics at the sight of a massive portal ahead. Veyla tells her not to worry as the wormhole will lead them to their destination. But before they can reach the mouth of the wormhole, stray asteroids float into their path. Queen Amazoness grits her teeth as she's unable to do anything while confined to the ship.

She swears that if she could breathe in space that she could simply leap out of the pod and slice the asteroids in half. Back on the boat, Princess Amazoness kicks Lysandra off of her boat and onto the shore. Princess Amazoness leaps into the air to perform a downward sword strike on Lysandra. Lysandra rolls out of the way in the nick of time. Lysandra pops to her feet and hisses that only one may rule the island.

Back on the space pod, Queen Amazoness asks if there are any weapons onboard. Veyla shakes her head no as she pilots the pod. She narrowly dodges an asteroid, but there are more in her path. Queen Amazoness laments that if she can't use her warrior strength, then she must rely on her knowledge. She concentrates as she tries to think of a strategy.

Princess Amazoness and Lysandra clash blades on the shore, as Princess Amazoness barks that she doesn't even want to be queen. Lysandra is knocked back and shocked by this revelation. Lysandra questions why Princess Amazoness wouldn't want the honor of ruling the island. Princess Amazoness compares living on the island to living in a fishbowl. She says that while the Amazons spend their time studying the world, that they never truly experience it.

Back on the space pod, Queen Amazoness coaches Veyla on when to dodge and where to dodge. Veyla is amazed by Queen Amazoness's tactical mind and warrior reaction time. Queen Amazoness's keen eye can spot an asteroid and figure out how to avoid it much faster than Veyla. But only Veyla knows how to actually pilot the pod. By working together the two are able to successfully navigate the pod past the asteroid field and into the wormhole.
