My Story Idea:
Anamorphis UAP are humanoid, luminous, faceless, flying, incredibly fast, shapeshifting entities.
I have only seen video footage of a single Anamorphis UAP that was a leaked military video.
It was blurry as these kinds of things so often are.
I haven't talked to too many people about the video.
I know they'll say it was probably a drone swarm or something.
I have seen drone shows where drones covered in LED lights create humanoid shapes.
But that's why I'm so confident that Anamorphis UAP aren't just drone swarms.
We can get rather clear imagery of drone shows.
I believe that the Anamorphis UAP video may not be as blurry as we think.
I think we're looking for details on something that lacks detail.
It looks like a morphing light being because that is what it is.
A man of light looking down on his silently from above.
He doesn't attack us.
He doesn't descend to help or interact with us.
He just watches.
Most people aren't going to believe their own eyes.
They'll make up any excuse they can to hold onto the mundane reality they call home.
But I'm sick of mundane reality.
I'm so sick of mundane reality that it feels like its killing me.
It is sucking the wonder and color out of everyday life.
You might be used to the grays, but that isn't going to work for me.
That is a conflict that I'm focused on resolving.
That's why I make these comics about these otherworldly beings.
It is because I want the world to look up and see the magic that exists within it.
Don't let mundanity eat you alive.
Embrace the wonder of the world and let it inspire you, so that you may inspire others.

What Is The Story About:
A comicbook creator who feels drained by the mundane and lifeless nature of the world is inspired by a video of an alien being, and uses that video as inspiration for his work and to help inspire others to see the world as a more magical place.

What Is The Conflict Of The Story:
The comicbook creator longs for magic and wonder, and feels as if the skeptics around him have done all they can to blind him to anything fantastical in his world. It hurts his ability to be happy, it hurts his ability to be inspired, and it makes the world feel boringly gray.
