Dr. Volta originally wanted to build a prototype portal system to harvest metals to build a better android. But last time her creation Hydrohero Womandroid fought Superhero Mandroid, Hydrohero Womandroid almost won with the help of some sponge goblins (Editor's Note: As seen in Issue 9). This helped show Dr. Volta that she didn't need a new android to prove that she was smarter than her rival Dr. Dawes. Her existing android just needed some assistance to get the job done. During their last encounter, Superhero Mandroid cracked Hydrohero Womandroid's water tank with a rocket fist strike.

With the portal prototype finished, Dr. Volta bolts it over Hydrohero's water tank to seal the crack and to gift Hydrohero with a new ability. By tapping into the portal prototype's power, Hydrohero can fire portal beams to send objects to other dimensions. Equipped with this newfound power, Hydrohero is dispatched to use her new gift to defeat Superhero Mandroid once and for all. While out on patrol, Superhero Mandroid hears the sounds of water jets and instinctively leaps to the side. Hydrohero's dimensional blast misses Superhero Mandroid and instead hits a pigeon.

Superhero Mandroid is shocked to see the pigeon completely disappear as soon as it is struck by the beam. Hydrohero asks if Superhero Mandroid is too scared to face her. Superhero Mandroid demands to know what she did to that pigeon. Hydrohero says that he'll need to stay still if he wants to find out. Hydrohero fires another portal beam, but this time Superhero Mandroid reflects the beam back at her with his holoshield.

Hydrohero appears inside the Backrooms, having been transported there by the deflected portal beam. The wet carpet is full of moisture, so Hydrohero has plenty of accessible water to keep her tank full. She searches for a mirror that she could use to try and shoot herself with her portal beam and get back home. She wanders through the Backrooms' labyrinth of many surreal hallways. She is stopped in her tracks when she hears the loud, distorted, angry cooing of a pigeon coming from behind her.

When she turns around she sees the pigeon that she had shot before has been mutated by the Backrooms into a massive beast. Before she is able to charge up another portal beam blast, the pigeon pecks at the portal prototype with its beak and destroys it. This reopens the crack in Hydrohero's water tank which starts to leak. She can't afford to use her water jets to defend herself now that her tank is leaking, so she is forced to flee as the giant angry mutant pigeon flies after her across the Backrooms. Hydrohero finds herself cornered with seemingly no way out as the pigeon mutant approaches menacingly.

Just as all hope seems lost, a web grabs the mutant pigeon from behind and slams its head against the wall. The mutant pigeon is left dazed as Webwidow rushes forward to grab Hydrohero's hand. Hydrohero asks who he is and why he's helping her. Webwidow says that he's been to a lot of different universes and that he's seen that Hydrohero in some of these universes has what it takes to truly make a difference (Editor's Note: This is a reference to Webwidow witnessing the events of Issue 11.). Webwidow pulls Hydrohero through an opening in the multiversal web.

The opening closes just in time to stop the mutant pigeon from following them back to their home universe. Webwidow uses a web to patch up Hydrohero's cracked water tank. Webwidow tells Hydrohero that she needs to stop messing around with opening portals, and that she needs to start focusing on actually being a better hero. He saved her this time, but he promises that if she gets herself stuck in the multiverse again that he will simply leave her to fend for herself. Hydrohero thanks him as he swings away, her face clearly stuck in a state of deep contemplation.
