Superhero Mandroid is Earth's mightiest hero, but there are many worlds beyond Earth. Out in the cosmos planets are defended by the Space Police. Space Police officers are superpowered aliens who utilize their abilities to protect the innocent from intergalactic criminals. One of the mightiest officers of the Space Police, Norio, recently fell in a great battle. His death is largely blamed on GAL-XZ, an android that Norio built to act as his successor.

GAL-XZ resembles a human woman with chrome skin, long curly blonde hair, glowing green eyes, an hour glass figure, a skintight green leather jump suit, and green high heel combat boots. Her power source is an energy core created using a percentage of Norio's energy. Many believe that if Norio had not been so focused on the future, that he would have had enough energy to survive the threats of the present. GAL-XZ, under the immense pressure of filling Norio's shoes, fails several missions, causing her to get demoted to patrolling a backwater planet outside the normal purview of the Space Police: Earth. On her first day on Earth, she was almost immediately attacked by a giant humanoid squid who invaded through a swirling purple portal.

GAL-XZ attempted to use her universal communicator to reason with the beast, but it was not an alien. It spoke in a language unheard of in this dimension. GAL-XZ tried to tap into the radiant green power of Norio, but she lacked the experience of her predecessor. She did not know how to properly channel her inherited power and was left helpless in the monster's grasp. Just when all hope seemed lost, Superhero Mandroid sprang into action and punched the giant monster with his rocket fist.

GAL-XZ is amazed by Superhero Mandroid, as she was completely unaware of the fact that Earth already had an android protector. GAL-XZ watches carefully as Superhero Mandroid uses the flaming green jets of energy from his rocket fists to propel himself through the air. Copying Superhero Mandroid, GAL-XZ uses her green Norio energy to propel herself through the air alongside him. Flying side by side, the two heroes punch the monster with a mighty uppercut that launches it back through the portal it invaded from. Superhero Mandroid thanks GAL-XZ for her help and for the first time, GAL-XZ feels like she is actually wanted somewhere.

The two fly across the city together and talk. Superhero Mandroid, after hearing about the weight of Norio's legacy on GAL-XZ's shoulders, tells her that she should not let who Norio was define who she is. GAL-XZ argues that her entire existence is defined by continuing Norio's legacy and that she cannot simply choose to be anything else. Superhero Mandroid tells her that even though she is powered by Norio's energy, Norio did not design her in his image. Superhero Mandroid argues that Norio likely did not design GAL-XZ to be an exact copy of himself, because Norio wanted GAL-XZ to become her own hero beyond his shadow.

GAL-XZ realizes that Superhero Mandroid might have a point and thanks him for his wisdom. She explores the Earth, taking more time to define the type of hero she wants to be. Without the pressure of Norio's legacy holding her back, she starts to get a better handle on her powers. Before she was so focused on trying to be like Norio, that she did not realize that she naturally used Norio's power more like a battery than magic. Instead of thinking in incantations she started thinking in terms of output, using her hands like rockets rather than wands.

As she gained better control over her abilities, she relied on the assistance of Superhero Mandroid less and less. When she finally started defeating monsters all on her own, the Space Police took notice. They offered her a promotion and the chance to fill in for the vacant role that Norio had left behind. But she refused their offer, as she had grown beyond what she thought was her purpose. Earth was her home now and her life was hers to define.
