Create the next issue of Superhero Mandroid based on the following idea:
This issue needs to be properly labeled as an alternate universe "What If" story.

Webwidow introduces the issue by swinging through the multiverse on webs (Editor's Note: Webwidow first appeared in Issue 8). He says that he has been to many different worlds and many adventures. A lot of worlds are similar to ours, but with small differences. Today he is here to tell us a story about a world where Superhero Mandroid failed. Superhero Mandroid went on patrol one night despite there being no new portals and missed the airing of a documentary on fatbergs.

When the electricity eating monstrous purple sludge made its way toward the city power plant (Editor's Note: The sludge demon first appeared in Issue 2.), Superhero Mandroid could not think of a way to stop it. The sludge consumed him and then the power plant. The entire city lost power in an instant. Life support machines died and so did those connected to them. Traffic lights shut off as confused drivers collided in intersections.

Master Liang Chen (Editor: Master Liang Chen first appeared in Issue 7.) in search of a challenge, tries to test his might against the purple sludge. But punches and kicks, no matter how strong, have no effect on the demonic liquid. He fires a bolt of chi at a fire hydrant causing a jet of water to shoot upward and rain down on the street below. The sludge monster recoils from the water. Master Liang Chen uses tai chi to try to redirect the flow of the water with his chi powered hand movements to fire it at the beast.

This works for a while, until the hydrant runs out of water. Before Master Liang Chen can make it to another hydrant, one of the beast's tendrils wraps around his head. Master Liang Chen drowns in the monster's sludge. People hope for rain to wash away the beast as they struggle to survive on the scraps left behind by a city without power. But the rain never comes.

The sludge surrounds the entire perimeter, allowing no one in or out. Helicopters and airplanes are swatted out of the sky by the beast's tendrils. With no supplies coming in, eventually everyone in the city will perish. Doctor Volta (Editor's Note: Doctor Vera Volta and Hydrohero Womandroid first appeared in Issue 4) desperate for a solution visits the lab of her rival Doctor Dawes to see if two geniuses could put their heads together to come up with a solution. But Doctor Dawes was a broken hollow shell of himself after Superhero Mandroid was consumed.

Doctor Volta tells him that he needs to snap out of his stupor and just build a new android. Doctor Dawes, his eyes full of sadness, says there will never be another android like Superhero Mandroid. But Doctor Volta takes that as a challenge. Without electricity and in need of something that can eliminate the sludge, she builds Hydrohero Womandroid to be powered by and to weaponize water.

Hydrohero Womandroid's abilities at first seem like a perfect match against the sludge creature. But the creature notices as her tank, and therefore her power, starts to diminish. She desperately races into the sky to escape the creature's tendrils with the last of her water supply. But instead of running out of power, she absorbs the water of the clouds. Able to continually recharge herself in the sky, she purges the city of the beast with a deluge of water, returns power to all, and becomes the city's greatest hero.
