Super Cowboy Issue Three Idea:

A dastardly wizard traps Super Cowboy inside of a stained glass window in the Dustfall church house. The wizard rides on his broom out of town, having successfully stolen the soul of a little girl that Super Cowboy was trying to protect. At the girl's funeral, her family looks up at the stained glass window of Super Cowboy with mixed emotions. Some thank him for trying to save the girl. Others yell angrily at him for having failed them.

Inside the stained glass world, Super Cowboy can see and hear the family yell at him. He feels ashamed of his failure. He floats through colorful panes of glass in search of an escape. The realm seems to continue onward endlessly with no exit in sight. He is truly trapped.

Angry family members spread their discontent across the Old West town. Religious members of the community are perplexed why a superhero would be featured in a church in the first place. A doomsayer says that if they don't destroy the window that God will punish them for worshipping idols. Fans of Super Cowboy block the angry mob from getting too close to the glass window. The fans of Super Cowboy plead with the mob to not take rash action, as destroying the window could potentially leave Super Cowboy lost forever.

Super Cowboy continues wandering inside of the Stained Glass World. He questions how the wizard's powers work and reasons that the wizard must have the ability to manipulate people's souls. Super Cowboy reasons that if his soul has been placed in the window, that the window itself may now be connected to the spirit world. Super Cowboy stops trying to find an exit, and instead starts trying to find another spirit. As he journeys deeper into Stained Glass World, he starts to encounter demonic spirits of the Damned.

The demons leap at Super Cowboy, but Super Cowboy uses the power of his Light Lasso to boost his speed and dodge their attacks. Super Cowboy lassos one of the demons and hurls them around like a wrecking ball to knock all of the demons into each other. With the demons knocked out, Super Cowboy continues his trek. He is now confident that he is in a spirit world, and that with enough searching he'll find the spirit he's looking for. An angel then blocks his path.

The angel states that Super Cowboy has fought long enough and that he should have been killed long ago by the very lightning storm that gifted him with the Light Lasso. The angel offers to take Super Cowboy with him to Heaven, so that he may enjoy the fruits of his heroic labors. Super Cowboy is tempted, but he ultimately refuses. He cannot enjoy the pearly gates while the girl's spirit suffers. The angel recognizes the purity of Super Cowboy's quest, and agrees to take him to the location of the girl's spirit.

Super Cowboy and the angel teleport to the wizard's spiritual prison where the spirits of many innocent girls are kept. The prison acts as a battery for the wizard's magic. The door is locked, so Super Cowboy uses his Light Lasso to overcharge and explode the lock with a surge of energy. With the prison now opened, the wizard's magic is gone as all of the spirits are freed. Super Cowboy and the little girl both burst free from the stained glass window, as everyone in the church looks up in awe.
