The king's daughter has been kidnapped by a powerful dragon from the Far Lands. The king dispatches an army of his most powerful knights to save her. The dragon hears the clanking armor of over a thousand men from miles away. Using its fire breath, the dragon burns a molten moat in front of the stampede of armored men. The ground beneath the knights melts away as they all sink into the lava.

King is distraught that he will never get to see his daughter again. He is too distracted by grief to properly complete his royal duties. The kingdom begins to fall into disarray. Upset by the degrading condition of the kingdom, an old wizard takes it upon himself to save the princess. The wizard travels to the molten moat and casts a spell.

The molten metal and heroic knight spirits rise from the moat and form into a giant super knight. The dragon sees this giant hero and flies directly into battle. The dragon sees the giant as a threat to its territory. The giant super knight lands a few powerful punches on the dragon. The dragon retaliates with a powerful claw slash that tears through the chest plate of giant super knight.

Giant super knight looks down at the claw marks and sees the souls of the knights leaking out. Giant super knight is dying. If he loses all of the knight souls within him, he will surely perish. The dragon laughs maniacally. The wizard is horrified as it seems as if all hope is lost for the kingdom.

Giant super knight calls out to the wizard for guidance. The wizard thinks for a moment, but he has trouble concentrating due to his anxiety. He takes a deep breath to clear his mind. He is then struck by an epiphany. The wizard teaches Giant super knight a magic word that he can use to expel his souls as a powerful blast.

The dragon hears this and smirks. The dragon offers to use their flame breath to weld the chest plate shut, which would stop the souls from spilling out and save Giant super knight's life. But the dragon will only save Giant super knight, if they surrender and leave the dragon alone. Giant super knight is in a tough situation. If Giant super knight fires their ultimate soul beam attack then they will run out of souls and die, but if they accept the dragon's offer to live they will ultimately become a traitor to the kingdom they swore to protect.

Giant super knight accepts that as a collection of spirits that they are already dead, and that their loyalty to the crown is worth more than a second chance at life. Giant super knight casts the spell and annihilates the dragon with a massive soul energy beam. Both Giant super knight and the dragon collapse as lifeless husks. The wizard rescues the princess. Overjoyed by his daughter's return, the king regains his focus and quickly does what is necessary to restore the glory of his kingdom.
