A portal opens above the city. Superhero Mandroid races out of his lab and into action. Using his rocket fists he flies upward and out of an open skylight. A terrible purple sludge creature leaks from the portal as civilians below scatter. Every electronic device the sludge touches immediately shuts down.

Superhero Mandroid lands on a rooftop and observes from above. The inventor sends him a holo message warning him that if he doesn't act soon that the sludge monster will reach the city's power plant. Superhero Mandroid doesn't have time to waste, but he also can't just run up and hit the beast. If he touches it, he'll get shutdown too. Superhero Mandroid uses his rocket fists to fly down between the sludge monster and the power plant.

Superhero Mandroid generates a giant holo shield acting as a dam to block the sludge from reaching the power plant. Superhero Mandroid feels incredibly drained, as his rechargeable shield is quickly running out of power. He never makes his shield this large and the sludge is clearly feeding off of its energy. He only has seconds to act. Looking at how the sludge moves reminds him of a documentary he saw on TV the other day about fatbergs.

Inside the sewers there are sludge like creatures called fatbergs that are made up of fat, maggots, and disease that build up inside city sewer systems. They are essentially monsters that live beneath our feet, that are normally dealt with by sewer workers. Superhero Madroid reasons that an interdimensional monster likely would be susceptible to the diseases in fatbergs. Superhero Mandroid uses his rocket fists to pulverize the ground between himself and the shield. This creates a moat in the ground just as the shield runs out of charge and dissipates.

The sludge creeps forward and drains into the sewer via the moat. Inside the sewer the sludge is quickly overwhelmed and surrounded by fatbergs. On contact the diseased fatbergs start to decay away the purple sludge. Superhero Mandroid watches in awe and horror, as the monsters that live beneath our streets save the city from the monsters that invade our skies.
