Deca-Form is a superhero with an alien super belt that allows him to transform into ten different alien transformations for ten minutes at a time.

Deca-Form's alien super belt has glowing silver, shimmering neon red, and metallic black. He wears a black leather jacket, red cargo jeans, and silver metal boots. He has slicked-back spiky crimson hair, dark blue eyes, and freckled tan skin.

The story starts with him on vacation on a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean. Clouds slowly fill the sky above. The clouds start to swirl, then turn dark. A massive bolt of lightning crashes down from above and splits the cruise ship in half. The shockwave knocks Deca-Form overboard and unconscious.

When Deca-Form awakens, he is alone on the shore of an island in the middle of the ocean. He is freaked out, but he takes a moment to breathe and make a plan. He transforms into a winged iridescent humanoid butterfly form and flies up to assess the area. He sees no ships or civilization for miles. He lands, turns back to normal, and waits for his belt to recharge.

His anxiety grows, but he tries to stay calm. He changes into his speed form, a robotic humanoid jet-powered racecar with the build of a speedster. In this form, he runs across the ocean surface in search of civilization. Five minutes in, he is still on open water with no salvation in sight. Afraid of timing out over the ocean, he turns around and runs back to the island.

Back on the island, he hyperventilates while the belt recharges. He closes his eyes and counts to calm down. He reframes the problem from getting home to making the island his new home. He transforms into his humanoid plant form, made entirely of rainbow-colored, flower-covered wooden vines. He grows bioluminescent vines out of the ground and knits them into a shelter. Shimmering glowing seeds radiate from his hands and magically grow a massive garden of fruits and vegetables.

He turns back to normal and looks at what he has crafted. He smiles, then the smile fades. The island is comfortable, but he does not believe he can truly enjoy it alone. He waits for the belt to recharge, then changes into his humanoid amoeba form with the power to duplicate. He splits into several duplicates, and they all manually detransform at once, creating several clones of himself.

Together, the clones reshape the island into their own little land, using different alien transformations to terraform parts of the island, create homes, and create roads. No longer alone, with his needs met, his weekend vacation has become a perfect retirement. Sometimes superheroes have to save themselves.
