Captain Galaxy dropped his star shield in shock as the walls of the Cosmic Castle spoke to him for the first time.
The Cosmic Castle reveals to him that it is actually a living organism and that it has been the key to all of Captain Galaxy's previous successes.
Captain Galaxy picks up their shield and scoffs in disbelief.
Captain Galaxy asserts that he alone is the champion of the Storyverse, and that the voice he is hearing must be the ghost of one of his fallen adversaries.
The Cosmic Castle assures Captain Galaxy that it is not haunted, and that Captain Galaxy is wrong.
The Cosmic Castle shifts its walls around, revealing that each wall has a hidden biology that Captain Galaxy had never witnessed before.
Behind the back wall of the control room lied the beating heart of the Cosmic Castle.
Around the heart lie the skeletons of past Captain Galaxies each covered in cobwebs and clutching their cracked and dusty star shields.
Captain Galaxy looks at the bodies in horror and confusion.
The Cosmic Castle explains to him that it requires a host to puppet to protect the universe.
A host that is dumb enough to believe that they are in control.
But hosts eventually become incompatible and when that happens a new host must be found.
Captain Galaxy falls to his knees and begs for the Cosmic Castle not to slay him.
The Cosmic Castle calls him pathetic and explains that they are both doomed.
The Cosmic Castle is connected to the fabric of the Storyverse itself and it detects a coming deluge that will wipe out every story to ever exist.
No host compatible or otherwise could ever stop such a catastrophic flood.
The Cosmic Castle has given up hope and simply wanted to inform Captain Galaxy of the truth, before the inevitable demise of the Storyverse.
Captain Galaxy is now left with a choice.
He can accept that all hope is lost for the Storyverse and stay with the Cosmic Castle.
Or he can choose to fight the odds and try to find a way to save all of existence from certain doom.
Captain Galaxy trembles with anxiety until he tightens his free hand into a fist and raises his star shield up high.
Captain Galaxy refuses to accept that he is not the true champion of the Storyverse.
He refuses to accept that all is lost and he swears to prove his heroism by saving the Storyverse.
For the first time Captain Galaxy truly takes control of his own destiny, as he commands the Cosmic Castle to fly them past every star in the Storyverse.
The Cosmic Castle does not argue with him, as it believes that no matter what they will both die.
The Cosmic Castle moves at warp speed, as Captain Galaxy holds his star shield out toward each star.
The shield glows brighter and brighter as it stores up more and more energy.
As the flood of cosmic sea water begins to tumble as an unimaginably large wave over the bubble universes that make up the Storyverse, Captain Galaxy makes the ultimate sacrifice.
Using all of the stored power in his shield, he expands its size to cover the entire Storyverse!
The size and weight of the shield become too much for Captain Galaxy or the Cosmic Castle to withstand.
Captain Galaxy is crushed under his own shield as it expands through and shatters the walls of the Cosmic Castle.
In the end the Cosmic Castle was right, they both did in fact die.
But in the end the Cosmic Castle was wrong, Captain Galaxy was the greatest hero the Storyverse had ever known.
