The Valordians are a race of superpowered space explorers.
They all possess black hair, white leather translucent skin, and glowing neon blood that makes their circulatory system visible from the outside.
The reason why their skin is translucent, is because their blood directly feasts on light in order to keep them alive and to power their incredible abilities.
Valordians can fly, have super strength, and have super durability.
But they can't breathe in space.
Their physical prowess and lack of most survival pressures, motivates them to focus on scholarly pursuits.
Their planet quickly evolved technologically and focused heavily on developing space travel to explore other worlds.
One of their ships while scanning a jungle world, inadvertently flew over a volcano just as it erupted.
The ship was heavily damaged and crashed in a clearing.
All of the passengers survived thanks to their durability, but they all felt noticeably weaker.
The volcano's eruption had filled the sky with dark ash that was blotting out the sun.
The ship's communication officer tried to send a message back to their homeplanet, but the ship's faster than light messaging system broke during the crash.
So one of the youngest members of the crew, a woman nicknamed Bun-Bun because she always wore her hair as space buns, took it upon herself to fly into the nearest cave in search of the ore needed to fix the messaging system.
When she found an ore deposit, she didn't hesitate to start punching away at it for harvesting.
She didn't even notice all the scattered bones beneath the deposit, until it was too late.
She was quickly tackled to the ground by a humanoid dinosaur priest, who chastised her for attacking their god.
She apologizes, stating that she had heard of other civilizations worshipping precious metals but out of desperation didn't even consider checking with the locals before mining.
The priest roars at her that apologies will not suffice and that attacking their god is a crime punishable by death.
The priest chokes her, as she tries to use her super strength to knock him away.
But in the dark of the cave with her powers already reduced, she stood no chance against the priest's might.
Diplomacy failed.
Her strength failed.
But there was one power she hadn't tried yet.
The way her species flies is by generating a repulsive anti-gravity barrier around themselves that pushes away from the ground.
Instead of simply pushing away from the ground, she used her field to push away from the priest's grip.
The priest's clawed hand was knocked backwards by the invisible force, momentarily stunning him.
Bun-Bun scooped up the fallen ore she had punched off of the deposit and took off at breakneck speeds toward the opening of the cave.
The priest chased after her, roaring angrily as he ran.
When Bun-Bun reached the outside of the cave, she rocketed toward the top of the entrance and kicked it with all of her might.
The entrance of the cave then caved in, trapping the priest inside.
She doesn't believe he'll be trapped in there forever, but hopefully he'll be stuck long enough for her crew to escape.
The weakened and exhausted Bun-Bun flew the ore back to the crew, who quickly got to work using it to repair the messaging system.
She had saved her people, but she still felt guilty for what she'd done.
As the crew's doctor tended to her injuries, she promised herself that next time she would always lead with diplomacy over theft.
A one sided victory is bittersweet, when everyone could have potentially gotten what they wanted.
