This issue starts right where the last one left off. This is an action packed issue detailing the battle between the warrior of the Galactic Empire and the alien princess on the Amazon island.

The mighty alien warrior grabs onto the giant vine that caught the alien princess. Before the warrior starts to use his incredible strength to try and uproot the vine. The princess uses her power to create thorns on the vine around where the alien warrior was grabbing. The warrior scoffs stating that little pinpricks in his hands aren't going to stop him. His hands are bleeding but he couldn't care less.

The Amazon warriors plead with Queen Amazoness saying that the alien princess isn't like them and doesn't know how to fight. Amazoness disagrees and states that everyone has a fight or flight response. The alien princess was fleeing before when she was in her escape pod. But now the alien princess is fighting with all she's got! The warrior rips the giant vine out of the ground and whips it around wildly.

The alien princess holds on to the top of the vine for dear life. Using her powers she turns the top of the giant vine into the head of a dandelion. The giant dandelion seeds are thrown around and start to float through the air. The warrior looks up in shock as he realizes the princess is no longer on top of the giant vine. The warrior looks around on the ground in search of the alien princess.

Amazoness points up toward the sky. The warrior looks up and sees the giant dandelion seeds falling down from above. The warrior flies through the air searching for the alien princess. But there are too many giant dandelion seeds.

The warrior's vision starts to blur. He starts to shift up and down in the air. He isn't sure what's happening to him. He spots the alien princess holding on to one of the floating dandelion seeds. But his blurry vision causes him to see double.

The warrior darts through the sky at her, but the one he darts through is an illusion. He passes out and crashes into the shore. The Amazons surround him and question how the alien princess managed to beat him. Amazoness is surprised that the Amazons haven't figured it out already. The alien princess descends down to the beach on the giant dandelion seed.

The alien princess explains that she knew the thorns she summoned would at best break the warrior's skin. Since the warrior was immune to gaseous poison, the alien princess made the thorns poisonous to infect his bloodstream. She just needed to wait for the poison to spread through the warrior's bloodstream and knock him out. The Amazons cheer and congratulate the alien princess for her victory over the warrior. The alien princess looks to Queen Amazoness and says that she has an idea for how to save the galaxy from the galactic empire, but that she'll need Queen Amazoness's help.

The issue ends on this cliffhanger.
