Toby has spent his whole life being told to grow up.
But no matter how old he got, he preserved his love for toys, especially action figures.
He may not play with them like he used to, but he definitely still collects them.
Often the figures just take up space, which somewhat bothers him.
But when he needs inspiration for a new story, all he has to do is pick up a figure and start fiddling with it.
Today he's been dealing with a bad case of writer's block, so figure fiddling is his only hope.
When he does his mind shifts into a daydream state.
It is like his consciousness becomes a bolt of electricity that travels down from his brain, through his arm, and into the figure he's holding.
His awareness shifts as if he is seeing through the figure's eyes, looking up at the giant holding him.
The giant fades from his vision as his imagination starts to paint over his environment.
Imaginary paint splashed on his office desk reshapes it into his headquarters.
Imaginary paint splashed on bins in his office transform them into buildings.
In his action figure form he approaches his laptop.
A splash of imaginary paint transforms it into his supercomputer.
He spots a trouble alert of a Dust Demon arriving through a portal on the edge of the city.
He looks over at the office window which is splashed with imaginary paint.
The dust on the blinds takes the shape of a giant, humanoid demon.
The window itself spirals into an interdimensional portal.
Without hesitation the action figure hero springs into action, to face off against the demon.
But all of his punches harmlessly pass through its seemingly intangible form.
He looks down in horror as the dust has started to collect on top of and corrupt the action figures living inside of the buildings.
The Dust Demon swats our hero down to the ground, as the infected action figures back him into a corner.
He tries to reason with the infected and tell them to fight the demon's influence, but their minds are too far gone.
Our hero backs into the office's handheld vacuum, and an idea starts to form.
Covering it in a coat of imaginary paint, our hero imagines building a contraption out of scraps in an alleyway.
This contraption takes the place of the handheld vacuum, transforming it into a Holy Hoverbike made of discarded super tech and powered by faith.
Flying on the hoverbike over the mob of attacking figures, they all are freed of their corruption as the dust is absorbed by the bike's holy engines.
The Dust Demon tries to stomp on the bike, but with a quick stunt our hero dodges the demon's stomp and sucks the demon away.
In an instant, everything goes black before our hero's human form opens his eyes.
Holding an action figure and his handheld vacuum, he sees that he's cleaned his office while playing.
He thanks his figure and puts it down next to his laptop, as he types away at his computer feeling inspired.
