Particle Patriot is a humanoid superhero made up entirely of baseball sized red, white, and blue atoms.
He was accidentally brought into our world from the Quantum Realm by a mad scientist who was trying to reverse engineer alien size-changing technology from Planet Korrendor for the United States Government.
Particle Patriot has complete control over his own particles, allowing him to reconfigure his body into various shapes, split into individual particles that can act independently, and even move his particles at wave speeds that seemingly defy conventional physical laws.
Since Particle Patriot is from the Quantum Realm, he possesses Quantum Vision.
This allows him to see quantum particles with the naked eye.
Thankful to the United States Government for introducing him to the Macroscopic Realm, he has agreed to work alongside them to help keep the peace.
On one of his first missions, he was dispatched to stop a super thief from stealing the world's largest golden hourglass from the American Museum of Timekeeping.
The super thief was the villainous super-genius known as the Clocktor.
He studied quantum time as a top student at his university, but his time travel theories were dismissed by his colleagues as being too fantastical.
This caused him to have a nervous breakdown that eventually drove him mad.
He has now become obsessed with time, and with his prototype time displacement ray seemingly no one can stop him.
Clocktor manages to get the drop on Particle Patriot, by blasting him with a time displacement ray.
Particle Patriot is launched across time back to the Jurassic Era.
There he is immediately attacked by a T-Rex, but Particle Patriot is able to quickly scatter his particles to avoid being eaten by the T-Rex's massive jaws.
Reforming in the sky above, Particle Patriot takes off in his wave form to fly back to the future.
But he flies too far forward, and ends up in a dystopian wasteland of anachronisms ruled over by King Clocktor.
King Clocktor's temporal drones open fire on Particle Patriot, but Particle Patriot focuses his electrons into an electrical barrier to deflect the laser blasts back at the drones.
Particle Patriot looks at King Clocktor on his throne using his Quantum Vision, and gets a read on Clocktor's tachyon trail.
Transforming back into his wave form, he follows the tachyon trail back to the exact moment after he was hit by Clocktor's time displacement ray.
With present day Clocktor's guard down, believing he had won, Particle Patriot knocks him out with a sucker punch.
Clocktor is defeated, the future is saved, and Particle Patriot is celebrated as a true American hero.
