This issue starts right where the previous issue left off. The point of this issue is to illustrate that the Amazons are more than warriors and that their teachings could help to reshape the galaxy and resist the empire. This issue also establishes a conflict between Queen Amazoness and her advisor, as the old and new ways clash.

Queen Amazoness explains that while the Amazons would be more than happy to help save worlds, the Amazons lack the capability to wage an intergalactic war. The alien princess says that the universe doesn't need a war. Queen Amazoness emphasizes that the Amazons are warriors. The alien princess disagrees and says that Amazoness is a teacher. The alien princess explains that there are powerful alien women all across the universe who don't know how to use their powers to defend their worlds.

The alien princess explains that if she knew that there were types of plants that could be weaponized that she would have used them to fight the warrior on her own planet. But because she didn't know about other worlds and their plants, she didn't know what her powers were really capable of. The alien princess states that she recognizes that the Amazons are skilled at finding information on places beyond their island, and that they clearly know how to fight. The alien princess makes a proposal: If she provides Queen Amazoness with the resources required, would she use them to do for the universe what she did for her?

Queen Amazoness agrees almost immediately. Her fellow amazons are understanding but nervous. They question the queen's decision to split her attention between the island and the rest of the universe. Queen Amazoness states calmly that she won't be splitting her attention, because she will be passing down the crown to her daughter. Her fellow Amazons are shocked.

Queen Amazoness's advisor questions this decision by emphasizing that Queen Amazoness's daughter is only a child. Queen Amazoness says that while her daughter is only a few thousand years old, that she has earned the right to the crown. The Amazons look skeptical. Queen Amazoness motions to the alien princess and states that her daughter and the alien princess are of a similar age. Queen Amazoness poses this question to her Amazons: If the alien princess could single-handedly save her world, why couldn't Princess Amazoness rule their island?

Queen Amazoness's advisor is visibly angry as she draws her sword. Her advisor says that she has spent so long by Queen Amazoness's side and that if anyone deserves the crown it should be her. The advisor begs for the chance to fight Queen Amazoness's daughter for the honor of the crown. Queen Amazoness snaps at her advisor and asks if she can hear herself. Queen Amazoness points out that fighting for the title of ruler is no different than the Galactic Empire.

The Queen's advisor screams that the Amazons are warriors! Amazoness looks to the alien princess and then back at her advisor. Amazoness says that the alien princess is right and that the true calling of the Amazons is to teach. Frustrated, the advisor stabs their sword into the sand and leaves in a huff. With superhuman acrobatic skill the advisor quickly disappears into the brush.

The alien princess asks if things will be okay on the island without her. Amazoness has faith in her daughter's ability to rule. The alien princess asks where Amazoness's daughter is. Amazoness explains that her daughter left the island to learn more about the world beyond it. Amazoness smiles knowing that the title of queen will finally bring her daughter home, as it is finally time for Amazoness to be the one to adventure in the world beyond.
