After the president announced the upcoming disclosure of files on aliens and UFOs, top scientists and researchers related to the topic started going missing or being found dead.
Ten have been confirmed dead or missing, with rumors of an eleventh or twelfth having also vanished.
No one knows why.
Some suspect they've been swept up for some secret operation.
Others believe that foreign adversaries may be trying to attack our nation's brain to get an advantage.
Anonymous does not simply stand by and watch the nation's mind rot away.
We don our masks and hoodies, as we venture into cyberspace.
Our ranks are made up of some of the most brilliant hackers in the world.
The screen in front of your face is like a portal for us.
So when the first wave of UFO files were released, we entered the virtual world and started digging through cabinets for clues.
Nearly 200 files to look through and analyze, it became a battle of patience and attention.
The Section 10 Files are what led to our jackpot moment.
We know who is responsible for these disappearances, and we have known about them for years now.
The files describe malevolent entities, described only as the "Dark Clothed Creatures".
They have been reported to terrorize and attack those connected to UFOs.
They reportedly can even change their appearance to impersonate key figures.
Possibly shape-shifters.
We'll need to look into this further.
This may sound depressing, scary, and hopeless: But there is a silver lining.
The same files described a race of telepathic beings that resemble humans called the Korrendorians.
They are from the planet Korrendor and possess advanced technology that allows them to alter their size at will.
They have bases hidden underground and underwater.
They are self-appointed guardians of the human race, who have been secretly helping us.
They are led by a being known as Master Kalen-Li.
We are currently trying to establish psychic contact with Master Kalen-Li to see if there is any way we could help them in their efforts to defeat the Dark Clothed Creatures.
As far as we know they could already be a part of our ranks, or using their psychic influence to help guide our actions.
Anonymous does not fear the Dark Clothed Creatures.
With Master Kalen-Li on our side, we believe that humanity will ultimately triumph.
So stop sitting there and reading comicbooks.
Grab your mask, your hoodie, and your keyboard.
It is time for us to save the world.
