Create the latest issue of Superhero Mandroid based on the following idea:

Paul Teethings hated his inner demon, but he loved the feeling of flight. Paul Teethings first appeared in Issue 13. His new powers, despite their demonic nature, truly made him feel alive in a way that he never had before. For the first time, Paul Teethings began to realize just how limiting being purely human truly was. He started noticing other people enjoying similar freedoms thanks to AI companions and wearable technology helping to grant them additional capabilities beyond what a normal human could ever do. Many of the AI augmented become so capable, so different, that they start calling themselves transhuman.

Paul feels like he can relate with these transhumans, as he understands what it feels like to be beyond human. He decides to attend a transhuman meet-up. He is nervous at first, because he is unsure if they will accept him. When they see his demonic appearance, there are some who show discomfort. But when they realize that he is in control, their horror shifts to understanding and amazement.

Paul is surprised by how accepting they are of his monstrous form. The leader of the transhumans tells him that many of them have been labeled as monsters by those who do not understand the freedom that comes with going beyond human limitations. She remembers a time when people even feared their greatest hero Superhero Mandroid, before he had shifted from looking more like a machine into what he looks like now. She is referring to Version One, Superhero Mandroid's original design which first appeared in Issue 12. She believes that transhumans will one day become just as accepted by society as Superhero Mandroid. This fills Paul's heart with hope.

The peace of the transhuman meet-up is interrupted by an attacking group of paramilitary forces with cross graffiti on their imposing black armor. The paramilitary soldiers attack the transhumanists with batons as they call the transhumanists abominations against God. The paramilitary leader yells that the church has warned that attempts to become more than human is an insult against the divine order. The transhuman leader quickly dispatches the exoskeleton and nervous system augmented transhumans to help hold off the paramilitary soldiers, while the rest try to flee. Enraged that his new friends are being harassed and attacked by the same church that rejected him, Paul allows his demon side to power up further.

Moving as a blur of shadow, Paul grabs a paramilitary soldier by the head and bashes him into a wall. Using his fire breath he creates a wall of flames to force a wave of attacking paramilitary soldiers backward. Using his wings he flies past paramilitary soldiers and snatches away their batons with his mighty claws. Frightened by the force of an actual demon, the paramilitary soldiers flee. This was the day that the transhumans found their hero.

Not a guardian angel. A guardian demon. While Superhero Mandroid represented the hope that one day they could be accepted. Protector Paul represented the shield that would protect them until the world stopped attacking what it did not understand.
