Series Name: Faith Force

Series Premise:
Faith Force is a high-octane supernatural action series that follows an elite team of mortal martial artists who serve as Earth's last line of defense. Their journey begins by thwarting a demonic cult, but quickly spirals into a cosmic war for survival as the impending arrival of the Demon King draws near.
Outmatched by dark magic, demonic power armor, and eventually the divine might of a rogue angel willing to sacrifice the planet, the heroes must constantly push past their human limits. The series tracks their rapid evolution from earthly fighters into celestial champions as they learn to fuse their martial arts mastery with raw, escalating cosmic energies, starting with the golden aura of Faith Force, tapping into the planetary life-force of Gaia Green, and ultimately wielding the holy might of Divine Fire. It is a story about the unstoppable power of unity and the explosive, world-shaking lengths heroes will go to in order to protect their home.

Issue One Idea:
Our heroes try to stop a group of cultists from opening a portal to Hell. The cultists are protected by warrior monks. While the warrior monks are strong, our heroes are the world's greatest martial artists. Using their advanced martial arts skills, our heroes overpower the monk warriors. But the monk warriors aren't done yet, as they channel the power of their demon familiars to transform into imps. The dark magic of the imps initially overpowers our heroes, until the strongest of our heroes rallies them together. His faith in his friends is as intense as holy faith, granting his friends with a golden aura that burns the imps on contact. After defeating the imps, our heroes break into the ritual chamber and cause the cultists to scatter. The ritual is interrupted. The portal opening isn't stopped completely, but it is delayed. Our heroes now must train in preparation for the return of the Demon King. If they can't grow strong enough to defeat them, then the Earth is doomed.

Issue Two Idea:
One of the Demon King's cultists has developed a suit of power armor. Using that power armor suit, they are overpowering the armies of the world. It is fueled by demonic magic, drawn from the slowly opening Hell portal. Our heroes stand against the power armored cultist. Initially our heroes have the advantage thanks to their golden faith auras, but the cultist's power armor gets stronger over time as the Hell portal continues to expand. The strongest of our heroes realizes that the power armor's demon magic is more concentrated than the golden faith auras. It is simply too dense for the auras to penetrate. So the strongest hero concentrates on focusing his aura into his hand. He releases a powerful golden aura blast. The concentrated faith force blasts through the power armor and defeats the cultist. The world is safe for now, but the Hell portal is still opening. It is only a matter of time before it opens and the Demon King is released.

Issue Three Idea:
The energies of the Hell Portal attract the attention of an angel. The angel fears the coming of the Demon King and decides to plant a God Tree. The God Tree starts to drain the planet of its lifeforce. Our heroes confront the angel and demand that they explain themselves. The angel's plan is to have the tree consume the world in order to destroy it, which would stop the Hell Portal from opening. The angel is essentially trying to sacrifice the Earth to spare the universe of the Demon King's wrath. Our heroes obviously do not approve of this and leap into battle to combat the angel. The angel draws their flaming sword of divine fire. Golden faith force auras mirror holy faith, but the faith of mortals is no match against literal divine might. The strongest of our heroes notices that a single fruit has grown on the God Tree. Desperate for a way to defeat the angel and stop the God Tree's growth, the strongest hero eats the fruit. Empowered by a portion of the consumed life force of the entire Earth, the strongest hero's aura is magnified by the power of nature itself. They release a massive shockwave of Gaia Green energy that blows apart the God Tree, launches the angel away from the Earth, and returns the stolen life force back to the planet. The angel has been defeated, the world has been saved, but the Hell Portal is now almost open.

Issue Four Idea:
The Hell Portal has finally opened and the Demon King has arrived. Our heroes have been training for this moment and are ready for action. The Demon King's incredible power allows him to easily defend against martial arts strikes enhanced with Faith Force aura. Our heroes reveal that they've all learned how to fire Faith Force hand blasts, and together fire a combined blast at the Demon King. Our heroes initially believe they've won, as the energy blast fires directly through the Demon King's chest. But the Demon King regenerates, revealing that they are immortal. Our heroes are defeated one by one by the Demon King. Just when it seems like all hope is lost, the angel returns and passes their Divine Fire Sword to the strongest hero. The strongest hero channels its divine energy into his body as his friends all channel their Faith Force power into him. The strongest hero erupts with a flaming Faith Force Divine Fire, as he starts to put up a fight against the Demon King. The Earth trembles from the shockwaves. As the planet starts to split open, Gaia Green energy seeps out. The strongest hero is tiring out against the Demon King, who is starting to get the upper hand. The strongest hero is knocked into one of the Earth cracks, where his body starts to absorb the Gaia Green energy. With the power of Faith Force, Gaia Green, and Divine Fire the strongest hero achieves their ultimate transformation and kills the Demon King with the mightiest blast in the universe. The world is saved. The angel rewards our heroes with wings, as they are knighted by the heavens as the world's guardian angels.
