Create issue #2 of the series "The Three Hands":
Before Lucid Lord had traveled to Kaine's island city, he tried to save the Storyverse on his own and failed.
The Storyverse is a multiverse of bubble universes where every possible story exists somewhere in the Dream Realm.
Lucid Lord is an Anamorphis, a faceless humanoid being of light.
But unlike his brethren his body is composed of Lucid Light.
Lucid Light is a purple cosmic energy that allows for control over the Dream Realm.
It is the ultimate power but even it has its limits.
Lucid Light can't alter the course of stories that have already been written.
Some Storyverse worlds are more fluid than others.
Lucid Lord's homeworld lacked fluidity, making it unaffected by his power.
This made him practically useless in the eyes of his people, so he left to venture out into the Storyverse.
He went on many adventures to prove himself, claiming powerful treasures along the way.
The rainbow crystal sword of healing and the golden energy tether of connection.
When he returned to his world to prove his worth, the leader of his world, Dark Light, didn't see the worth of Lucid Lord.
But he did see the worth of his power.
Dark Light charged at Lucid Lord's energy tether to try to use it to siphon off his power.
Lucid Lord could see how the craving for power radiated from Dark Light like a corruptive force.
He tried to use the healing power of his sword, but the crystal blade was repelled by the darkness it was meant to cleanse.
Dark Light's aura was oddly pure in its corruptive nature.
That's when Lucid Lord realized that the story of his world was rigid.
There was no way he could stop a warlord and his army from within the story.
So he fled from them, returning to the Storyverse, and warning every Lucid Light wielder he could find of what's to come.
The Anamorphis developed a gateway of their own.
Soldiers were dispatched across the Storyverse.
Lucid Lord hopes that he can warn as many worlds as he can, before it is too late.
The battle between Lucid Lord and Dark Light is the major action sequence of this issue.
This issue exists to explain more of the cosmological lore of the Storyverse, explore Lucid Lord's backstory, learn more about the main villain Dark Light, and establish that the conflict is much larger than just one world.
