Super Cowboy uses his Light Lasso to swing across an Old West town. He swings from tall lamp post to tall lamp post with acrobatic ease. He runs across rooftops. He leaps off rooftops and swings from his Light Lasso over main street. Townspeople cheer as they look overhead at the Super Cowboy completing acrobatic flips in mid air as he swings on his Light Lasso.

Super Cowboy lands heroically in front of his sheriff office at the edge of town by the canyon. He looks down at his Light Lasso in his hands. He thinks about how much his life has changed since he found it. He flashes back to a time when he was lost on foot in the desert during a terrible storm. Heavy rain falls all around him.

Lightning crashes all around him as he struggles to walk in the thick desert mud. A large bolt of lightning crashes right in front of him, knocking him backward onto his back in the mud. He crawls through the mud toward a blue light emanating from where the bolt of lightning struck. In a muddy puddle sparking with electricity, a glowing blue light starts to split into floating particles. The floating particles reconfigure themselves into the Light Lasso.

Super Cowboy is stunned as the Light Lasso levitates out of the puddle and into his grasp. Blue energy surges through Super Cowboy from the Light Lasso. His eyes start to glow blue. He asks the Light Lasso "What are you? What is this power?". Lightning bolts start crashing against ground more frequently, filling Super Cowboy with a strong sense of urgency to escape.

Super Cowboy starts to run through the mud. He quickly picks up speed. He accelerates to superhuman speed as he leaves a trail of blue glowing particles in his wake. He is amazed by this new power. He is nearly struck by a bolt of lightning from overhead, and realizes that he needs to focus on escaping.

He sees a canyon in the distance. He knows that town is on the other side of the canyon. So he runs at super speed toward the canyon. He narrowly acrobatically dodges between terrifyingly powerful bolts of lightning raining down from overhead. At the mouth of the canyon he leaps forward, just barely dodging a particularly massive bolt of lightning.

The story returns to the present, where Super Cowboy admires his Light Lasso while sitting at his desk in the sheriff's office. He says "You saved my life, so it is only right that I now save the lives of others". A woman races up to his desk and says "Super Cowboy! We need you!". He grins as his eyes start to glow blue. He holds his Light Lasso above his head. He says proudly "I'm on my way".
