Superhero Action Comics
Issue 2

Create Issue 2 of "Superhero Action Comics" based on the following premise:

Writing Style:
Captions should be written with clarity in mind, so that the reader has a firm understanding of what is happening in each panel. Each page should have 6 panels minimum.

Premise:

Story Page 1:
Hell Queen cackles as heroes, villains, and citizens all run in terror from her crystallization beams. She once was a teenage princess, Inferna daughter of Satan, who rebelliously rejected the wicked ways of her father. She came to Earth not to conquer it, but to help protect it. But her demonic visage frightened those around her. She was treated like the monster her father wanted her to be, rather than the hero she was trying to become.

Story Page 2:
Luckily other teenagers with various powers stood up to defend her. They helped the world recognize all the good she was doing. People looked past her appearance and accepted her for the goodness in her heart. Together these teenagers decided to forge a superhero team to help defend the world from evil. She had made new friends, found a new home, and finally been accepted as the hero she wanted to be.

Story Page 3:
Years passed and as she grew so too did her powers. She developed the ability to shrink and confine others as crystals. This power was celebrated as it allowed for the most dangerous villains in the world, that no normal prison could ever hold, to finally be confined. She started wearing these crystals as jewelry on her left wristband. The more crystals she wore the stronger she became.

Story Page 4:
The power was intoxicating and extremely addictive. She started crystalizing everyone regardless of if they were a hero, a villain, or a civilian. The older heroes wanted to slay her to free their captive comrades. Her hero team told the older heroes to stand down. She was their responsibility, and more importantly she was their friend.

Story Page 5:
Her teammates are Shapeshifter (Wild Card), Laser Light (Photokinetic), Cyber (Gadgeteer), Captain Strategist (Leader), and Geomancer (Powerhouse). Geomancer tried to use her control over stones to destroy the crystals, but her powers had no effect on magical stones. Cyber used his sonic rifle to try to shatter the crystals with super vibrations. He successfully cracked the crystals, but the Hell Queen turned him into a crystal before he could break the others. The rest of the team provides cover fire for Captain Strategist as he whispers a plan into Shapeshifter's ear.

Story Page 6:
Captain Strategist calls out to Hell Queen that he's about to crush one of her fallen crystals. Hell Queen darts past the other heroes and turns Captain Strategist into a crystal before he has the chance. She places both crystals on her wristband. One of the crystals shapeshifts into a holy symbol, which burns the Hell Queen. She violently rips the band off and throws it at the ground.

Story Page 7:
All of the crystals shatter on impact, freeing their captives. The crystal that transformed into a holy symbol was the shapeshifter in disguise. No longer intoxicated by the power of the crystals, Hell Queen returned to normal. Ashamed of what she'd done, she opened a portal and cast herself back to Hell. But her father returned her to Earth, proving to everyone that her heart was now too pure for the underworld. She was welcomed back by her team with open arms.
