Series Premise:
Superhero Mandroid resembles a human man with white skin, slicked back brown hair, a red superhero unitard, a chest insignia with the initials "SHM" in yellow font, a yellow cape, and large mechanical green fists. Superhero Mandroid can summon a rechargeable holo shield and fire off regenerating, projectile, rapid fire, rocket punches. He is an android designed to protect the world from interdimensional threats. Whenever a new portal opens up, he's always there to punch whatever might be lurking on the other side. Giant robots, mutant scorpions, and alien demons have all fallen against his might.

Issue One Idea:
Superhero Mandroid returned to his lab after a mission. He heard the lab door buzzer chime. Very few people know about this location. Superhero Mandroid wonders who it could possibly be. He looks through the peep hole and sees his inventor waiting on the other side.

Superhero Mandroid opens the door with a skeptical expression on his face. He asks the inventor why he didn't just use his key card. The inventor gives him an evil grin, as hardlight hologram tendrils emerge from his back. Superhero Mandroid is knocked backwards into the wall by a powerful tendril whiplash. The illusion of the inventor fades away to reveal a digital demon made up of glowing blue pixels.

The Pixel Demon mocks Superhero Mandroid for falling for such a simple trick. Superhero Mandroid slowly rises from the ground, his body battered and bruised. Superhero Mandroid angrily demands to know what the demon has done to the inventor. The demon cackles that the inventor is away at some conference. The demon then states that they'll make sure to eliminate the inventor once he gets back.

Superhero Mandroid scowls at the demon as he charges toward him. The demon dodges Superhero Mandroid's attack, by shifting his body into an intangible cloud of pixels. The demon reforms himself as he explains that his digital form allows him to interface with technology. The demon reveals that he used these abilities to discover the location of the lab and to learn that the inventor was away. The demon mocks Superhero Mandroid, stating that he knew he would be able to trick him into letting him in.

Superhero Mandroid smirks as he charges at the demon. The demon tried to use a hardlight tendril spear to stab Superhero Mandroid, but Superhero Mandroid summons his rechargeable holo shield to block the tendril. He then uses his shield to slice the tendril off. The demon howls in pain. Superhero Mandroid says that the demon clearly can only interface with low level tech, as they lacked the ability to hack into the lab or into Superhero Mandroid.

The demon howls in pain, crying out that they should be invulnerable. Superhero Mandroid corrects him, stating that both his shield and the demon's form are made of hardlight. Superhero Mandroid slices the demon in half with his shield. The demon starts to evaporate away into pixels. Superhero Mandroid demands that the demon explain what they were after.

The demon evaporates away before they could answer. Superhero Mandroid is visibly frustrated. He's used to fighting at portal sites. He's not used to the demons finding him first. He sighs with relief that the demon didn't go after his inventor first. Superhero Mandroid states that he'll need to be more vigilant in the future.
